What did you learn during this project?
   We learned a lot about building an app that brings together multiple subcomponents.
   Our program required a lot of separation of processes to keep it organized, like the
   separate Moon, Line, and Coordinate classes that come together in the Server to run the
   back-end of the web app. We also learned a lot about making a web app in general, since
   we didn't have much experience with that before. This included how to display a good
   user experience through HTML, and how to communicate between the Server and the Client.

What did you enjoy during this project?
   We enjoyed working on a project that has real-life applications. The premise of our project,
   to help you to take photos of the moon with a landmark, is something that's really applicable
   to real life and could be very useful. It was also nice to work on a project with a group,
   so we could bounce ideas off each other and didn't have to do everything ourselves. We also enjoyed
   the freedom to choose the idea of our project and how open ended the project was.

What did you find challenging or frustrating during this project?
   Not being able to web scrape the moon's data (azimuth and altitude) was frustrating because
   it made us have to calculate that information ourselves. That alone was quite a task that
   took lots of time and patience. Another challenge was communicating exactly what we needed
   from each class. For example, at one point in the project, we swapped the longitude and latitude
   parameters of one class, leading the other classes to be incompatible. We also struggled with getting 
   input data from our HTMl page in our Server and then later displaying it back to the client. However, 
   we figured out how to do so using a little JavaScript.

What did you find particularly helpful for your learning during this project?
   Researching about what we needed to make this program work correctly was a big part of learning.
   We even used a little bit of 3D calculus to help us build our program, especially in the 
   early stages. Additionally, communicating our ideas and knowledge with our teammates made it a lot easier
   to learn and have clear goals. For developing the web application using HTML and the Server, we based them 
   off the in-class demos (like Autocomplete) and then utilized these components in our own project.
   
